docs: Update feed doc (#427)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Reactive/Reactive.04-listfeed.md

#ListFeed

The `IListFeed<T>` is _feed_ specialized for handling collections.
It allows the declaration of an operator directly on items instead of dealing with the list itself.
A _list feed_ goes in `None` if the list does not have any elements.

## Sources: How to create a feed
To create an `IListFeed<T>`, on the state `ListFeed` class, the same `Async`, `AsyncEnumerable` and `Create` methods found on `Feed` can be used.

> There are also 2 helpers that allows you do convert from/to a _feed_ to/from a _list feed_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also 2 helpers that allow you to convert from/to a _feed_ to/from a _list feed_.
```
